[DOCS] Added update procedure (#488)
k0sproject/k0smotron: docs/update/update-standalone.md

# Update k0smotron in standalone cluster

To update a standalone k0smotron cluster, you need to update the k0s version
in the YAML configuration file.

1. Localize the configuration of deployed k0smotron cluster in your repository. For example:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: k0smotron.io/v1beta1
    kind: Cluster
    metadata:
      name: k0smotron-test
    spec:
      replicas: 1
      k0sImage: k0sproject/k0s
      version: v1.27.1-k0s.0
    ```

2. Configure [persistence](https://docs.k0smotron.io/stable/resource-reference/#clusterspecpersistence)
to prevent data loss. For example:

   ```yaml
    ---
    apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: K0smotronControlPlane
    metadata:
      name: docker-test-cp
    spec:
      version: v1.27.2-k0s.0
      persistence:
        type: hostPath
        hostPath: "/tmp/kmc-test" # k0smotron will mount a basic hostPath volume to avoid data loss.
   ```

>    Do not configure persistence in production environment. 

Reviewer: Again, probably meant hostPath here

      version: v1.27.1-k0s.0
    ```

2. Configure [persistence](https://docs.k0smotron.io/stable/resource-reference/#clusterspecpersistence)
to prevent data loss. For example:

   ```yaml
    ---
    apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
    kind: K0smotronControlPlane
    metadata:
      name: docker-test-cp
    spec:
      version: v1.27.2-k0s.0
      persistence:
        type: hostPath
        hostPath: "/tmp/kmc-test" # k0smotron will mount a basic hostPath volume to avoid data loss.
   ```

   Do not configure `hostPath` persistence in production environment.  
   Learn more from the official Kubernetes documentation on [hostPath](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#hostpath).

3. Change all the k0s versions to
[the target one](https://docs.k0sproject.io/v1.29.2+k0s.0/releases/#k0s-release-and-support-model). For example:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: k0smotron.io/v1beta1
    kind: Cluster
    metadata:
      name: k0smotron-test
    spec:
      replicas: 1
      k0sImage: k0sproject/k0s
      version: v1.28.7-k0s.0 # new k0s version
    ```

4. Update the resources:

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f ./path-to-file.yaml
   ```

> The update procedure is completed, you now have the latest k0smotron version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The update procedure is completed, you now have the target version of k0smotron.
```
